Concept entry dart loops. Adresses issue #4249 (#4499)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/loops/loops.md

## for Loop 
The "for" loop is used when we know how many times a block of code will execute. It is similar to the C, C++ or Java "for" loop. 

#### Syntax

```pseudo
for(initialization; condition; increment/decrement){
  //Body of the loop
}
```

#### Example

```dart
void main()
{
    for (int num = 0; num <= 5; num++) {
        print(num);
    }
}
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell
0
1
2
3
4
5
```

## for...in Loop

The "for…in" loop is slightly different from the "for" loop. It takes dart object or expression as an iterator and iterates the element one at a time. The 
value of the element is bound to var, which is valid and available for the loop body. The loop will execute until no element is left in the iterator.  

#### Syntax

```pseudo
for (var in expression) {
   // Body of the loop
}
```

#### Example

```dart
void main()
{
    var nums = [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ];
    for (int num in nums) {
        print(num);
    }
}
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell
1
2
3
4
5
```

## forEach Loop

> The for-each loop iterates over all elements in some container/collectible and passes the elements to some specific function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The forEach loop iterates over all elements in a container or collection and invokes a specified function for each element.
```

> #### Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Syntax
```

```pseudo
collection.forEach(void f(value))
```

f(value) is a parameter which is used to call the function "f" for each value in the collection.

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```

```dart
void main()
{
  var nums = [1,2,3,4,5];

>   nums.forEach((var num)=> print(num)); 

Reviewer: Using parameter name 'num' raise an issue. rename it!

}
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell
1
2
3
4
5
```

## while Loop

> The while loop executes a block of code until the given condition is false. It is more beneficial when we don't know the number of executions.

Reviewer: Using pronouns is not allowed. Remove 'we' and refine the definition.

> #### Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Syntax
```

```pseudo
while(condition) {  
   // loop body  
}  
```

#### Example

```dart
void main()
{
    var num = 4;
    int i = 1;
    while (i <= num) {
        print('Hello there');
        i++;
    }
}
```

The output of the above code is,

```shell
Hello there
Hello there
Hello there
Hello there
```

> ## do...while Loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## do-while Loop
```

> The do…while loop is similar to the while loop but only difference is that it executes the loop statement and then check the given condition. Hence the block of code inside the loop gets executed atleast once for do...while loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The do-while loop is similar to the `while` loop, with the key difference being that it executes the loop statement before checking the given condition. Therefore, the block of code inside the loop is guaranteed to execute at least once
```

> #### Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Syntax
```

```pseudo
do {  
    // loop body  
} while(condition);  
```

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```
